=============================================================================== 
This file lists the portions of this release of 'Keil MDK' that you are 
permitted to redistribute and any terms and conditions applicable to such 
redistribution. Refer to the End User License Agreement that accompanies this 
release of 'Keil MDK' for terms and conditions relating to permitted 
redistribution and 'Redistributables'. Any modification or redistribution of 
files covered by open-source licenses, whether listed here or not, is subject 
to the terms of the applicable open-source license.
===============================================================================

1) Middleware: Redistribution permitted only in object code form, compiled and 
linked by Arm Compiler in to Software Applications developed by you or your 
permitted users. If you choose to redistribute the whole or any part of the 
Middleware, you agree: (a) to ensure that the Middleware is licensed for use 
only as part of Software Applications and only for execution on 
microprocessors manufactured or simulated under licence from Arm; (b) not to 
use Arm's or any of its licensors names, logos or trademarks to market 
Software Applications; (c) to include valid copyright notices on Software 
Applications, and preserve any copyright notices which are included with, or 
in, the Middleware; and (d) to ensure that any further redistribution is 
limited to redistribution by either or both your customers and your authorised 
distributors as part of Software Applications and that your customers and your 
authorised distributors comply with these terms.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
2) Target Libraries(libraries and helper libraries): Redistribution permitted 
only in object code form, compiled and linked by Arm Compiler in to Software 
Applications developed by you or your permitted users, provided that Software 
Applications contain substantial additional functionality. If you choose to 
redistribute the whole or any part of Target Libraries, you agree: (a) to 
ensure that they are licensed for use only as part of Software Applications 
and only for execution on microprocessors manufactured or simulated under 
licence from Arm; (b) not to use Arm's or any of its licensors names, logos or 
trademarks to market Software Applications; (c) to include valid copyright 
notices on Software Applications, and preserve any copyright notices which are 
included with, or in, the Target Libraries; and (d) to ensure that any further 
redistribution is limited to redistribution by either or both your customers 
and your authorised distributors as part of Software Applications and that 
your customers and your authorised distributors comply with these terms.

Details of the Target Libraries and their location in your installation:
a) Libraries: C libraries; ABI libraries; Standard C++ libraries; C++ runtime 
support libraries; Maths libraries; Software floating-point libraries; VFP 
support found in your installation in armlib and libcxx subdirectories at 
<install_dir>\sw\<Arm_Compiler_toolchain_name>\lib

b) Helper libraries: Arm Compiler helper libraries found in your installation 
at <install_dir>\sw\<Arm_Compiler_toolchain_name>\lib\armlib\h_*

----------------------------------------------------------------------
3) Example Code: Redistribution permitted only in object code form and only as 
part of Software Applications developed by you or your permitted users. If you 
choose to redistribute the whole or any part of Example Code, you agree: (a) 
to ensure that they are licensed for use only as part of Software Applications 
and only for execution on microprocessors manufactured or simulated under 
licence from Arm; (b) not to use Arm's or any of its licensors names, logos or 
trademarks to market Software Applications; (c) to include valid copyright 
notices on Software Applications, and preserve any copyright notices which are 
included with, or in, the Example Code; and (d) to ensure that any further 
redistribution is limited to redistribution by either or both your customers 
and your authorised distributors as part of Software Applications and that 
your customers and your authorised distributors comply with these terms.

Example code found in the software packs in the default directory: 
<install base>\ARM\Pack\Keil or the pack directory selected during installation.

----------------------------------------------------------------------
END OF FILE: redistributables.txt

